peacemaker set boundaries with
such headings have a number of Russian
editions the reason for such a message was
demonstration of the Supreme Council 5 agreements
on cooperation between Ukraine and Russia military
technical area including
agreement on the transit of the Russian military in
transdniestria is a decision
commented special
Representative of the President of Russia
Pridnestrovie Dmitry Rogozin is
betrayal by the authorities of Ukraine of their own
whose citizens transdniestria lives
at least 60 thousand people to protect them
Russia will now provide
According to Dmitry Rogozin and
Russian Ministry of Defense was ready
to such a development and in advance
worked out ways out of the situation
therefore no demonstration of the agreement
will affect the everyday security
peacekeepers said Deputy Prime Minister
food will be purchased on
place in this situation kiev
crosses out the possibility of export
armaments from transdniestria at the same
time young continues to create
obstacles to the Russian military
sent to transdniestria past
thursday at chisinau airport was
detained
and then deported evgeny shoshin to
documents submitted to employees
Moldovan Border Police indicated
that he is a stock sergeant and
sent to contract service
military unit number 13 962 cities
tiraspol positions shooter
motor rifle branch of the Moldovan media
even published a number of relevant
photos sergeant shoshin not first
Russian military who did not get to
Transnistria duty stations for two weeks
back Moldovan frontier police
detained at the airport and deported
two more Russian citizens newspaper
merchant referring to sources and
Moldovan law enforcement
writes that since October last year
cases were about a hundred in the meantime
Russian Ministry of Defense reports
that in transdniestria was held
counter terrorism training
according to her script illegal armed
formation to capture weapons and
ammunition
attacked artillery
ammunition depots which are under
guards of the Russian military more
hundreds of military personnel were raised by
anxiety made the march length
150 kilometers on 15 military units
equipment from the point of permanent deployment
in tiraspol
to ammunition depots sausage-on
training for the destruction of conditional
terrorists special attention was paid
improving coherence
military ghosts fighting on
open terrain in the composition
units and small tactical groups
in pairs of threesomes of the military department
emphasizes that the fighters at the group operated
in conditions as close as possible to
fighting
a similar scenario is being worked out now and
peacekeepers are stationed and in the zone
conflict so increased activity
Russian troops in transdniestria
Russian independent newspaper source in
Ministry of Defense explained not only plans
summer training but also real
threats that arise now zone
conflict
Russian military have
information about the presence of anyone in power
transdniestria elimination plan
writes about him the Russian edition is already in
soon ukrainian and romanian
Moldovan militants are planning
conducting sabotage and
terrorist operations aimed
on the seizure of PMR warehouses with weapons
who are now guarding the Russian
military personnel simultaneously on
left bank of the Dniester will begin
large-scale provocations by victims and
killings against civilians
aimed at discrediting our
peacekeepers these circumstances will become
the reason for the official release of Chisinau
from the peace process reports
independent newspaper
After this, the Moldovan authorities will appeal for
help to the european union and nato writes
independent newspaper
by this time it will probably be
prepared by replacing the Russian blue
helmets in the form of Moldovan Romanian
peacekeeping battalion formation
such a unit on May 23 officially
announced minister in romania
defense of moldova viorel chebotaru in this
context we considered the possibility
create a peacekeeping unit at
battalion consisting of soldiers of Moldova and
romania in perspective it can
join the soldiers of other countries
such as Poland and Ukraine turn
Lieutenant-General Yuri Tkkachev who in
1992 commanded the 14th army considers
that the Russian leadership will do everything
possible to defend their positions in
transdniestria and prevent escalation
conflict independent newspaper also writes
about the possibility of supplying peacekeepers by
by air bridge
military transport aviation
the conditions of the blockade by Ukraine
thus it is obvious that not only in
tiraspol and noah moscow with intent
attention to follow the current
a situation alexander louboutin first
transnistrian channel